Remove failing `kubernetes_cluster` test for deprecated bridge network mode (#10451)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** When `network_plugin` is set to `azure` - the `vnet_subnet_id` field in the `default_node_pool` block must be set and `pod_cidr` must not be set.

> * `network_mode` - (Optional) Network mode to be used with Azure CNI. Possible value is `transparent`, which is also the AKS default for Azure CNI. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. `network_mode` will probably be deprecated by Azure.

Reviewer: as a general rule we're tending to phrase this as:

```suggestion
* `network_mode` - (Optional) Network mode to be used with Azure CNI. Possible values are `bridge` and `transparent`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

~> **Note:** `network_mode` can only be set to `bridge` for existing Kubernetes Clusters and cannot be used to provision new Clusters - this will be removed by Azure in the future.
```

Author: Thanks, makes sense!
